feat: :stethoscope: allow customized health check endpoint (#442)
pypiserver/pypiserver: README.rst

        For packages not found in the local index, this URL will be used to
        redirect to (default: https://pypi.org/simple/).

      --health-endpoint HEALTH_ENDPOINT

>         Configure a custom liveness endpoint. It always returns 200 Ok if 
>         the service is up. Otherwise it means that the service is dead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Configure a custom liveness endpoint. It always returns 200 Ok if  
        the service is up. Otherwise, it means that the service is not responsive.
```

Just this tiny detail for consistency, otherwise it's great to go! :) Sorry for taking such a long time for the review 😅

Further information on micropython-packaging can be found here: https://docs.micropython.org/en/latest/reference/packages.html

Custom Health Check Endpoint
----------------------------

> pypiserver provide a default health endpoint. ``/health`` It always returns
> ``200 Ok`` if the service is up. Otherwise it means that the service is dead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``pypiserver`` provides a default health endpoint at ``/health``. It always returns
``200 Ok`` if the service is up. Otherwise, it means that the service is not responsive.
```

Some small wording suggestions :)

> pypiserver also allow users to customize the health endpoint. (see `#441 <https://github.com/pypiserver/pypiserver/issues/441>`_).
> Alphanumeric characters, hyphens, forward slashes and underscores are allowed.
> Valid example: `/healthz`, `/health/live-1`, `/api_health`, `/action/health`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, ``pypiserver`` allows users to customize the health endpoint.
Alphanumeric characters, hyphens, forward slashes and underscores are allowed
and the endpoint should not overlap with any existing routes.
Valid examples: ``/healthz``, ``/health/live-1``, ``/api_health``, ``/action/health``
```

Some more small suggestions :)

Configure a custom health endpoint by CLI arguments
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Run pypiserver with ``--health-endpoint`` argument::

    pypi-server --health-endpoint /action/health

Configure a custom health endpoint by script
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: python

    import pypiserver
    from pypiserver import bottle
    app = pypiserver.app(root="./packages", health_endpoint="/action/health")
    bottle.run(app=app, host="0.0.0.0", port=8080, server="auto")

> Try `curl http://localhost:8080/action/health`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try ``curl http://localhost:8080/action/health``
```

Just for consistency, otherwise, RST doesn't render this as code blocks :)
